pylint: add page (#7385)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pylint.md

# pylint

> A Python code linter.
> More information: <https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest/>.

> - Show lint errors in a file:

Reviewer: This fixes the error
```suggestion

- Show lint errors in a file:
```

> `pylint file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pylint {{path/to/file.py}}`
```

Author: Good point.

> - Use the configuration from a configuration file, usually named `pylintrc`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lint a file and use a configuration file (usually named `pylintrc`):
```

Author: Great suggestion!

> `pylint --rcfile ~/path/to/pylintrc file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pylint --rcfile {{path/to/pylintrc}} {{path/to/file.py}}`
```

> - Disable a specific error code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lint a file and disable a specific error code:
```

> `pylint -d error_code file`

Reviewer: I think we should give an example here
```suggestion
`pylint --disable {{C,W,no-error,design}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Author: Totally agree, it's much clearer that way.
